[Music]
this is our drive to the lake up in
northern North Dakota here we're walking
out to our spot this is the hole before
you put the dark house on it sister
Lanie getting to get in the house
[Applause]
what just happened and I feel kind of
bad
look at how big it is nice work
daddies Lena grab the spear hold a nice
prize fish yeah here and we had a pike
actually take our bait he wasn't
interested in the decoy he just wanted
the minnow that we had down there we end
up just releasing him
[Music]
you
hey oh no it wasn't huh you're good as
long as you got this this is the
exciting part we're good then Oh head
twist twist your head twist ahead
perfect
dinner is served Lane this is our prize
catches all the ones we're gonna clean
to take home their grandpa to fillet you
master at no bones this is Lanie and I
cooking the bills
[Music]
[Applause]